Update WoT Tutorial Website: Application Domains Pages (#208)
w3c/wot-cg: Tutorials/whatiswot/website/docs/wot/application-domains/smart-home-and-cities.md

<iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/XR1vduVPtoA?si=FGshRSPSv95EqSAo" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> <a href = "https://github.com/w3c/wot-cg/blob/main/Tutorials/whatiswot/11-Applications_in_Smart_Homes_and_Smart_Cities/11-Applications-in-Smart-Homes-and-Smart-Cities.mp4">Click here if YouTube does not work to go to our GitHub.</a>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href = "https://github.com/w3c/wot-cg/blob/main/Tutorials/whatiswot/11-Applications_in_Smart_Homes_and_Smart_Cities/11-Applications-in-Smart-Homes-and-Smart-Cities.mp4">If YouTube does not work, click here to watch from our GitHub repository.</a>
```

WoT, as we already know, is a set of standards defined for the interoperability of different Internet of Things platforms and application domains by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). It aims to preserve and complement existing IoT standards and solutions by providing a standardized approach for connecting and integrating smart devices, services, and applications into the Web.

In this section we will explore some of the Web of Things application domains and common architecture patterns. The focus of this tutorial will be Smart Homes and Smart Cities.

## Smart Homes

> In smart homes, the ability to connect and manage multiple assets remotely over the network is highly beneficial. The interesting aspect of smart homes isn’t tied to a specific solution you buy, but rather in how WoT enables flexibility. A Manufacturer can provide a Thing Description for their device, which lets anyone build and customize their own systems. By following these open standards, devices can communicate with each other across brands, allowing for seamless integration. This approach ensures that devices remain adaptable and private, and don’t become obsolete, as they can continuously support new use cases and technologies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In smart homes, the ability to connect and manage multiple assets remotely over the network is highly beneficial. The interesting aspect of smart homes isn’t tied to a specific solution you buy, but rather in how WoT enables flexibility. A manufacturer can provide a Thing Description for their device, which lets anyone build and customize their own systems. By following these open standards, devices can communicate with each other across manufacturers, allowing for seamless integration. This approach ensures that devices remain adaptable and private, and don’t become obsolete, as they can continuously support new use cases and technologies.
```

![smart-home](/img/10-Application-Domains/smart-homes-new.png)

> This helps with various activities within the home, such as controlling lights, adjusting room temperature, managing home appliances, and enhancing security using smartphones. These capabilities optimize energy and resource consumption.

### Architecture patterns

Now that we’ve covered the basics of smart homes, let’s take a closer look at the architecture patterns that enable these systems to work efficiently in a typical local network and remote-control scenario.

> 1. **Controllers:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Controllers
```

Reviewer 2: same for others

> A common pattern involves using a controller, locally and/or remotely, to interact with devices on the home network by consuming the Thing Description. Devices are represented by TDs and act as servers, responding to commands from client controllers (for example, smartphones) for actions such as reading sensor values or actuating devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A common pattern involves using a controller, locally and/or remotely, to interact with devices on the home network by consuming their Thing Description (TD). Devices are represented by TDs and typically act as servers, responding to commands from client controllers (for example, smartphones) for actions such as reading sensor values or actuating devices.
```

![smart-home](/img/10-Application-Domains/smart-homes.png)

2. **Gateways:**

Gateways are another pattern commonly found in Smart Homes. They connect home networks to the internet, enabling remote management and monitoring.

> A gateway can use the local TD of a device to provide web-level access management, allowing devices to be accessed and managed both locally and remotely over the web. In the local network, the device uses one protocol for control, while externally, another protocol is typically used to manage remote interactions. The gateways facilitate communication between local devices and external controllers, enhancing accessibility and control.

Reviewer 2: The second sentence can be explained in more detail with a diagram. Modbus Thing <-> Gateway <-> HTTP Thing

Then saying that the TD stays the same except for protocol details. This can be a _tip_ as well

![smart-home-connection](/img/10-Application-Domains/smart-home-connection-new.png)

> ## Smart Buildings

Reviewer 2: an image can be added here too

## Smart Homes

> In smart homes, the ability to connect and manage multiple assets remotely over the network is highly beneficial. The interesting aspect of smart homes isn’t tied to a specific solution you buy, but rather in how WoT enables flexibility. A manufacturer can provide a Thing Description for their device, which lets anyone build and customize their own systems. By following these open standards, devices can communicate with each other across manufacturers, allowing for seamless integration. This approach ensures that devices remain adaptable and private, and don’t become obsolete, as they can continuously support new use cases and technologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In smart homes, the ability to connect and manage multiple assets remotely over the network is highly beneficial. The interesting aspect of smart homes isn’t tied to a specific solution you buy, but rather is found in the ways WoT enables flexibility. A manufacturer can provide a Thing Description for their device, which lets anyone build and customize their own systems. By following these open standards, devices can communicate with each other across manufacturers, allowing for seamless integration. This approach also ensures that devices remain adaptable and private, and don’t become obsolete, as they can continuously support new use cases and technologies.
```

![smart-home](/img/10-Application-Domains/smart-homes.png)

#### Gateways

Gateways are another pattern commonly found in Smart Homes. They connect home networks to the internet, enabling remote management and monitoring.

A gateway can use the local TD of a device to provide web-level access management, allowing devices to be accessed and managed both locally and remotely over the web. In the local network, the device uses one protocol for control, while externally, another protocol is typically used to manage remote interactions. The gateways facilitate this communication between local devices and external controllers by adapting the TD's protocol.

![gateway](/img/10-Application-Domains/gateway.png)

:::tip
The TD itself remains the same in structure - only the protocol binding details are adapted to match the communication method.
:::

> Let's look at an example of a smart home. Here different devices - such as solar panels, thermostats, and security cameras, may all use different local protocols. Gateways unify these devices by reading their local TDs, translating their communication into internet-friendly protocols, and providing secure access. Through this setup, devices remain operable in the local network while also becoming accessible to cloud servers and remote applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's look at an example of a smart home. Here different devices — such as solar panels, thermostats, and security cameras — may all use different local protocols. Gateways unify these devices by reading their local TDs, translating their communication into internet-friendly protocols, and providing secure access. Through this setup, devices can remain operable in the local network while also becoming accessible to cloud servers and remote applications.
```
